

Question 1) 
Investigation into the update strategies that can and are employed by different users.

	Question 1z)
		What are the properties of the two extremes?
		What are their properties, how effective is the progressives change?
		
	Question 1a)
	What update strategy should a conservative or progressive user use? (hamming vs updatedistance)
		What are the main effects this crtieria has on the evolution of the system?
		How do current criteira strategies APT P2 compare?
		How does UpdateDistance and uptodate compare? Should be distance.

	Question 1b)
	Should we update on or after the release date?
		How long after the release date?
		Differences between our progressive and conservative updates?
	

	Question 1c)
	Can we create a criteria that only updates packages once they are "stable"?
		How often do packages release versions?
		how many versions for each package are released?
	
	
	Question 1d)
	What are the side effects of these strategies? --This strongly links to static analysis
		What does a components PageRank look like over time?
	
		Strongly connected components?
		PageRank?
		Hits?

	Question 1e)
	What effect does the update cycle have?
		Given our conservative and progressive criteria, what cycles are optimimum for results.	
	


Question 2)
Investigation of the install strategies that can and are being employed by users

	Question 1a)
	THE INSTALL CRITERIA IS BY DEFAULT CONSERVATIVE!
	What install criteria should a conservative or progressive user use?
		Test the interaction betwee conservative and prorgessive update ideas, with installation criteria.
	
	Can we use graph metrics like PageRank, HITS or Instability to lower the change necessary over time?
		The idea is that these metrics measure use in a sense measure can measure use of a component.


Question 3)
The individual investigations into the update and install strategies are combined to find best fits for different types of users.

	Question 3a)
		Should we update before every installation.

