List of assumptions:

Validate the input
Static Validation, face validation
Generated users look like real user actions: face validation -- looking at the partial data set extracted from command line arguments

1) Wider verity of actions that users use (expecially remove/purge)
 --e.g. Commandline: apt-get remove tig
 --However the majority of actions are still only install and upgrade, 5 times as many installs as removes, upgrades are lacking this may be explained by gui applications dedicated to this task eliminating the command line usage
 
2) Batch actions: Days with lots of interactions (this was discussed in the survey)
 --Typically involving solving a particular problem (like getting a program to work, or setting up the system (as discussed in the survey)
 
 --e.g.
Commandline: apt-get purge libjinglep2p0.3-0 libxsettings-client0 liblash2 libmowgli1 librpm0
Commandline: apt-get purge libjinglexmpp0.3-0 librpmio0
Commandline: apt-get purge libjinglexmllite0.3-0
Commandline: apt-get purge libjinglebase0.3-0
Commandline: apt-get purge google-chrome-unstable
Commandline: apt-get purge google-chrome-beta
Commandline: apt-get purge libqt4-webkit-dbg
Commandline: apt-get purge libgnome-desktop-2-17
Commandline: apt-get purge python-gnome2
Commandline: apt-get purge python-gnomekeyring python-gnomeapplet libgnomevfs2-common libgnomevfs2-0 libgnomeui-common libgnomeprintui2.2-common libgnomecanvas2-common libgnome-media0
Commandline: apt-get purge gnome-media-common gnome-games-data
Commandline: apt-get purge libsoup-gnome2.4-1 libxml++2.6-2
Commandline: apt-get purge gnome-cards-data gnome-mime-data gnome-keyring gnome-mplayer
Commandline: apt-get purge libgnome2-common
Commandline: apt-get purge libgnomecups1.0-1 libgnomeprint2.2-0 libgnomeprint2.2-data gnome-icon-theme
Commandline: apt-get purge libgnome-keyring0

A large amount of removes as one of the first actions in this system
 
3) Multiple actions: installing and removing multiple packages in single command
 --e.g. apt-get install quodlibet-ext quodlibet-plugins

4) Dependent commands: Install then remove a package quickly
 --e.g. 
Commandline: apt-get install git-gui
Commandline: apt-get install tig
Commandline: apt-get remove tig
Commandline: apt-get remove git-gui

5)Installation of packages not in the weighted package list
 --e.g. build-essential, gimp both very popular packages
 --most requests package for install in command lines is "initramfs-tools" a low level linux developer tool, and this is probably indicticive of the log selection and command line use by developers
 


The set of components collected changes like a real repository changes... (rep changes)



Validate the output
Dynamic validation
The output from a only update user looks like the real output of that user...
 1) hisotgram of how much the upgrades changed per day.

Users generated that randomly install users looks like real user output...s
 1) histogram of size of installs in the logs, v.s. the size of installs in the random packages.
